Question1:
Package created.

Question2:
Done in Vehicle.java

Question3:
Package Created.

Question4:
Done in Vehicle.java

Question5:
Done in Car.java

Question6:
Done in Boat.java

Question7:
Done in Product.java

Question8: A class is like a datatype which contains attributes and methods for its objects.
An object is an instance of a class. It has access to the class's attributes and methods.

Question9: A constructor is a method that runs when an object is created. There are 3 types
of constructors: default, no arguments, and parameterized constructor.

Question10:
public class Office {
	Office() {
	}
}

Question 11:
Implements keyword is used when declaring a class to inherit the methods associated with
an interface.

Question12:
3 places where final keyword is used are when declaring a variable, method, and class.

Question13:
4 concepts of OOP are encapsulation, polymorphism, inheritance, and abstraction.

Question14:
Constructor

Question15:
a. Same class.
b. No.

Question16:
In interface, only function definitions are written. Body of any function is not written. 
An abstract class can have functions that are abstract or normal functions. 
A class can inherit only one abstract class whereas it can inherit multiple interfaces.
 
Question17: 
Void keyword means that the value is null or None or "nothing". It is often used to define the 
return type of a function.

Question18:
Overloading is writing multiple functions in a class with the same name but different parameter. 
The function would be called depending on the parameter provided during the function call.
It is done in the following way:
public class Office {
public static void function1(){};
public static void function1(int s){};
public static void function1(int s, int ss){};
}

Question19:
A static method in java can be overridden by using the @Override keyword before starting the method.

Question20:
Done in Answers.java

Question21:
a.Access modifiers are keywords used to declare classes, methods, and variables to restrict their
access from different parts of a program. The main access modifiers are default, public, private,
and protected.
b. Local variables are variables that are declared locally. They are an instance of some kind of
class or datatype. 
Instance variables are objects of a class that inherit all the attributes and methods associated
with that class. An instance variable can either be a local variable or a global variable.

Question22:
a. Constructors are methods that are run whenever an object of a class is declared. Constructors 
do not have a return type. There are 3 types of constructors: default, parameterized, and
constructors with no arguments.
Methods in java require to be called explicitly. They can either be static or non-static methods.
Static methods can be called without an object whereas non-static methods need an object 
to be called.
b. this() is used inside a class to refer to variables and methods declared in the same class.
It is used to refer the current object in a method or constructor.
super() is used inside a class to refer to variables and methods declared in the parent class.

Question23:
Method overloading is a type of polymorphism where methods are declared with the same name 
but different parameters. For example:
public class Office {
public static void function1(){};
public static void function1(int s){};
public static void function1(int s, int ss){};
}
Method overriding is also a type of polymorphism where methods written in parent class are 
overridden by child classes. It requires to uses the @Override keyword to override a parent method.
For example:
public class Vehicle {
	private String type;
	private int capacity;
	public void printVehicalDetails() {
		capacity = 2;
	}
	public static void runVehicle() {
	}
}

public class Boat extends Vehicle {
	private int engineCount;
	@Override
	public void printVehicalDetails() {
		super.capacity = 6;
	}
	public void runVehicle() {
		System.out.println("Boat is running");
	}
}

Question24:
Done in Student.java and StudentDetails.java

Question25:
Done in answers.java

Question26:
Done in Department.java

Question27:
Done in answers.java